-Replace with full ordering, remove some redundancy in coding (e.g., Associate Position)
Is keystone really properly operationalized?
Rethink violability
	Seems to be hiding "true" inviolable and "vacuous" inviolable
Chichewa minimality: repaired via epenthesis and blocking reduction, but can only code one. Make a list?
Do I like the way I code disyllabic minimal size components?
Not a good system for constitutent re-use now
	Can't recycle desmeme as a component easily
	Need to recode comparison algorithms to not traverse implicit embedded desmemes
ChichewaNi (not sure what this note means anymore)
Could I ever have a two-component keystone?
	What would it look like?
When to use localcategory:verbalParticle?


Two approaches to Chich verb
	Subconstructions
	Big merged one; I'll code both
	Hard to get imperative facts to work
		Affirmative imperative blocks OM entirely
			Cannot easily treat as template since a morpheme is lack
				Need to introduce another kind of component dependence
		Negative imperative allows it but blocks -ni
			Treating this as templatic since it looks like blocking on right support
	Chichewa verb with IMP requires an "open" slot for just two elements, (two negs), doesn't feel right, need a way to "quantify" openness
	I'd like to do blocking better than simply taxonomic
	
Elasticity seems to be too unspecified. One needs, maybe
Slot (1)
Optional slot (0-1)
Field (0/1-100)

Can I rigorously define embedded desmeme and canonical lineate? I think the latter is basically "lexical lineate bundle", but I haven't specified that yet, have I? What is a simple affix-stem combination?

I don't feel great about treating the regular relativizer and the -o relativizer differenlty for conditioning simply on the basis of the lack obligatoriness of the relativizer in the first case.
	
Count should be worked out automatically and/or verified?

Have I really thought through stability?

Coherence is tricky, too: I use "constituent" for the Chichewa cleft. Is that really coherent?

Build out taxonomic!

Start with genitive (59)...then maybe shift to phonological? Need balance.

**Fixe initial/final/etc. in original file to match separation of categories in new ontology. Important for ChxX.

For ANALYSIS removed the STRICTURE CONSTITUENT FEATURE since it's circular!!! This is done with some extra code in despecification.py
	What's a long term solution to this?

Need a way to include "comparison" constructions for coding checks--i.e., which did I "copy" to make a new one

The associative marker component is an unspecified desmeme filled finally, but I don't ask for a transcription of the filler unlike a regular filled component. Is that intended? (I don't use the transcription, but this seems like an unintended coding choice.)

Am I currently comparing the "restKomponentSet" nodes? If so, should I be?

Treating conditioning of Prosodic verb stem as "constructional", not phonological. Is that a good idea?

I need two Chichewa FVs, one prosodically unstable and one morphologically stable. Is this a good idea?

Using gold:verbal as a wastebasket; clean up later?

Border between "open" and "lexical" filledness doens't seem good. Is two fillers the same as 100? Not really. Can't code that now.
	Similar issue when there's a filled component and it gets dextrous/sinistrous
	Why don't we do this for similar open components (.e.g, OMs in Bantu prosodic). I coded these as "unstable", but that seems to code two things somewhat differently.

System for references needs to separate page numbers as a field for multiple desmemes from a single source. Was not handled in original study.

Added filler form "RED". Is that reasonable? I'm also making a reduplicant unstable and based on the thing it copies, but am I now conflating "stability" with another notion?

Why is AssociatePosition an instance and not an abstract type?

How do we reconcile that some analysts simply favor binary branching?

What does it mean to have a "morphological" OM and a "prosodic" OM? (for example)

Should Chichewa STAMP elasticity be 0-100 or something like 0-4?

Stopped at Genitive constructions for Mchombo (but did extensions earlier)

p.26 of Downing and Mtenje: double adjective prefixes (need to code someday)

p.41 D&M: Headless relative. Did I code for the elasticity of the N in relatives?

p.--50++, --69++ D&M: Positional restrictions on segments in lexemes. Code this how? Skipping for now, but is an interesting problem. Tiene-like but less categorical.

p.61, (25): Should I be coding alternations like this? Can this be treated position-class style?

Need to clean up/systematize "general:general" and "localcategory" for functional categories.

For phonological patterns (e.g., vowel hiatus in Chichewa STAMP), probably need to build out the descriptive categories for the typology

If a rule is "optional" like D&M 106 hiatus, what does that mean for violability and the template?

Am I consistent about "violable" and "noKnownExceptions" in the Chichewa coding?

How does elasticity work with a phonological domain? Do we treat both as obligatory or optional? I'm thinking of the ChichewaProsodicNDem desmeme now.
	Ultimately this problems means I need to refine the coding so that I don't have to decide. (Code first, analyze later.)
	
Really need to handle taxonomic specificity better

I changed my mind and coded the Chich Syllables as C1C2V instead of CV. Then, that resulted in changing C1's associate to C2 when I had previously decided it was V. That's clearly a problem from coding consistency.

SKIPPING SOME CHAPTER 6 TONE RULES FOR NOW AND CHAPTER 7: Need to think hard about modeling this

SKIPPING INTONATION SINCE DON'T KNOW HOW TO MODEL IT AT THE MOMENT.